Female, age 1 with brain abnormalities (agenesis of the corpus callosum and arachnoid cyst) and chronic diarrhea caused by a change in the ARX gene (with severity impacted by her diagnosis of mosaic Turner syndrome)
Female, age 3 with limited joint movement (arthrogryposis) and low muscle tone (hypotonia)
Male, age 12 with intellectual disability, seizures, brain abnormalities (ventriculomegaly, malrotation of bilateral hippocampi), and bulging, weakened wall of the aortic root (aortic root aneurysm)
Female, age 26 with a history of global developmental delay, moderate intellectual disability, and autism caused by a change in the SPTBN1 gene
Male, age 3 with global developmental delay, abnormal muscle tone and movement, and light pigmentation of the hair and skin (hypopigmentation)
Male, age 7 with global developmental delay, hearing loss, gastrointestinal abnormalities, and absent saliva flow (xerostomia) caused by a change in the SLC12A2 gene
Male, age 8 with global developmental delay, large head size (macrocephaly), low muscle tone (hypotonia), and seizures
Female, age 14 with severe intellectual disability, language delay (receptive and expressive language delay), and mild dysmorphic features
Female, age 4 with seizures and global developmental delay
Female, age 3 with global developmental delay, failure to thrive, absent speech, and low muscle tone (hypotonia)
Female, age 43 with itchy skin inflammation (psoriasiform dermatitis), blood clots in veins (thrombophlebitis), and head and joint pain (arthralgia)
Male, age 14 with gross motor and language delay, borderline intellectual disability, and damage to the optic nerve (optic atrophy)
Male, age 17 with intellectual disability, history of leukemia, heart abnormalities, and multiple abnormal bone and cartilage growths (osteochondromas)
Female, age 17 with global developmental delay, seizures, problems with coordination (ataxia), and involuntary muscle contractions (dystonia)
Female, age 6 with carnitine deficiency, thyroid disease, episodes of brain disease (episodic encephalopathy), problems with coordination (ataxia), and low blood sugar (hypoglycemia)
Male, age 4 with Roifman syndrome caused by changes in the RNU4ATAC gene
Male, age 4 with global developmental delay thought to be caused by a genetic change in the FBXO11 gene
Male, age 24 with seizures, growth hormone deficiency, low levels of pituitary hormones (panhypopituitarism), and low levels of blood cells (pancytopenia)
Female, age 10 with seizures, eye abnormalities (retinal coloboma, microphthalmia, strabismus) and severe global developmental delay
Female, age 2 with global developmental delay, brain abnormalities, abnormal head movements, and trembling during precise movement (intention tremor)
Male, age 5 with delayed gastric emptying (gastroparesis), episodes of low blood sugar and high ketones (ketotic hypoglycemia), kidney abnormalities, gait disturbance, and high blood pressure (hypertension)
Male, age 4 with global developmental delay, decreased muscle tone (hypotonia), delayed brain development (delayed myelination), visual impairment, and a large head size (macrocephaly)
Female, age 2 with seizures, profound global developmental delay, involuntary movements (chorea), and elevated serum pipecolic acid
Male, age 16 with weak and brittle bones (osteoporosis), immune system abnormalities (antinuclear antibody positivity), and type 1 diabetes mellitus
Female, age 18 with seizures, severe intellectual disability, regression, and abnormal brain findings
Female, age 16 with intellectual disability, seizures, and brain and skeletal abnormalities (craniosynostosis, congenital hip and knee dislocation, hydrocephalus with an Arnold-Chiari type I malformation)
Female, age 10 with Turner syndrome and an undiagnosed neurological condition
Male, age 39 with involuntary muscle contractions (dystonia), difficulty speaking (dysphonia), and abnormal eye movements (saccadic smooth pursuit)
Male, age 10 with severe global developmental delay, seizures, and aggressive behavior
Male, age 1 with skeletal and brain anomalies, cloudy corneas, and adrenal insufficiency
Male, age 4 with global developmental delay, brain abnormalities, seizures, and hearing and vision loss
Male, age 12 with rapid progression of muscle weakness, problems with coordination (ataxia), and difficulty speaking (dysarthria)
Female, age 5 with severe failure to thrive, low muscle tone, absence seizures, global developmental delay, scoliosis, high pain tolerance, and areas of darker and lighter skin on her right leg caused by triploidy mosaicism
Male, age 13 with intellectual disability, absent speech, seizures, abnormality of brain white matter (periventricular leukomalacia), & curvature of the spine (kyphosis, scoliosis)
Female, age 3 with a skeletal disorder thought to be caused by two variants in the TRIP11 gene
Male, age 56 with lower motor neuron disease, muscle weakness, and muscle twitching (fasciculations)
Male, age 25 with seizures, curvature of the spine (scoliosis), weak and brittle bones (osteoporosis), joint pain, and nontraumatic spine and rib fractures
Male, passed away at age 2 with symptoms characteristic of You-Hoover-Fong syndrome thought to be caused by genetic changes in the TELO2 and TTI2 genes
Male, age 7 with global developmental delay, abnormal muscle contractions (dystonia), repetitive behaviors (stereotypy) and decreased tear secretion and sweating
Male, age 5 with global developmental delay caused by a change in the MAPK8IP3 gene
Male, age 15 with gastrointestinal dysmotility and chronic constipation
Female, age 4 with seizures, global developmental delay, and underdeveloped optic nerve (optic nerve hypoplasia)
Male, age 3 with global developmental delay, low muscle tone, and feeding difficulties
Male, age 15 with arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy thought to be caused by genetic changes in the TAX1BP3 gene
Female, age 33 with rapid, unexplained bilateral vocal cord spasms and muscle weakness
Female, age 9 with spastic diplegia, low bone mineral density, and global developmental delay
Female, age 18 with hearing and vision loss, bleeding disorder (Von Willebrand disease), and history of a tumor in infancy (sacrococcygeal germ cell tumor)
Male, age 7 with intractable seizures, global developmental delay, absent speech, and low muscle tone (muscular hypotonia)
Male, age 16 with aromatic l-amino acid decarboxylase deficiency
Female, age 10 with a tall and slender build (marfanoid habitus), seizures, IgA deficiency, and GI issues (gastrointestinal dysmotility)
Female, age 6 with global developmental delay, severe motor impairment, involuntary muscle contractions (dystonia), and variants in the PAPSS1 gene
Female, age 57 with progressive, undiagnosed muscle weakness
Male, age 5 with absent speech, intellectual disability, and uncoordinated walking (gait ataxia) caused by a genetic change in the ATP6V1A gene
Male, age 40 with abnormal bladder function (nocturia, polyuria, isosthenuria), acute kidney injury, and poor regulation of heart rate when moving from sitting to standing (postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome)
Female, age 5 with short stature, hyper-extensible joints, fine hair, anemia, and leukocytosis
Male, age 8 with difficulty growing (failure to thrive) and GI issues (gastrointestinal dysmotility)
Female, age 25 with Landau-Kleffner syndrome and progressive lower limb weakness
Female, age 5 with developmental delay, seizures, congenital cataracts, hearing loss, swallowing difficulty, atrial septal defect, repetitive behaviors (stereotypy), low blood platelet levels (thrombocytopenia), anemia, and a blueberry muffin rash identified at birth
Female, age 10 with multiple congenital anomalies including choanal stenosis, Chiari 1 malformation, two-vessel short cord, right eye microphthalmia with coloboma, and heart defects (bicuspid aortic valve, hypoplasia of aortic arch)
Male, age 4 with involuntary movements (choreoathetosis), global developmental delay, epileptic encephalopathy, eye turning inward (alternating esotropia), episodic eye rolling, and low muscle tone in trunk (axial hypotonia)
Female, age 8 with an undiagnosed progressive neuromuscular disorder with fatigue, global developmental delay and regression, severe gastrointestinal issues including poor gut motility with TPN dependency, failure to thrive, seizures, frequent infections, and autonomic dysfunction
Female, age 47 with painful redness of the feet, hands, and ears (erythromelalgia)
Female, age 14 with difficulty walking (gait ataxia), trembling during precise movement (intention tremor), and learning disabilities
Female, age 12 with epileptic encephalopathy caused by a genetic change in the GABRB2 gene
Male, age 2 with low muscle tone, muscle weakness, and chronic respiratory issues
Male, age 23 with an undiagnosed, young adult-onset neurological disorder with cognitive decline and uncontrolled seizures
Male, age 10 with developmental regression, absent speech, seizures, and distinct facial features
Female, age 5 with global developmental delay, absent speech, sparse hair, seizures, brain abnormalities, and short stature
Female, age 32 with short stature, abnormal calcification in the kidneys (nephrocalcinosis), progressive hearing impairment (sensorineural), and diabetes
Male, age 6 with chronic high blood pressure (hypertension), recurrent respiratory infections, and low muscle tone (central hypotonia)
Female, age 26 with recurrent and severe bacterial, viral, and fungal infections
Female, age 8 with hereditary spastic paraplegia type 35
Female, age 27 with an undiagnosed progeria-like syndrome
Female, age 13 with recurrent skin rashes, immune system abnormalities (autoimmune hemolytic anemia, antiphospholipid antibody positivity), and muscle pain (myalgia)
Female, age 8 with seizures, weekly episodes of confusion and hallucination, problems with coordination (ataxia), tremor, ulcerative colitis, pancreas inflammation (pancreatitis), and developmental delay
Male, age 7 with global developmental delay, lack of coordinated movement (dysmetria), toe walking, right sided weakness, right hearing impairment, and weak cartilage in the walls of the larynx (laryngomalacia)
Female, age 11 with Wieacker-Wolff syndrome
Male, age 8 with an neuromuscular disorder caused by a change in the LMNA gene
Male, age 10 with arthrogryposis multiplex congenita causing decreased flexibility of his joints, low muscle tone (muscle hypotonia), and low bone density (osteopenia)
Male, age 6 with developmental delay, difficulty swallowing (dysphagia), low muscle tone (hypotonia), and difficulty walking (progressive gait disturbance)
Female, age 22 with refractory seizures
Male, age 11 with childhood onset dystonia 28
Male, age 5 with developmental delay and regression, seizures, and difficulty controlling voluntary movements (ataxia)
Female, age 2 with an undiagnosed autoimmune condition
Male, age 21 months with weakness of the left side of the body (hemiparesis), seizures, and mast cell accumulation (mastocytosis)
Male, age 30 with GDF11-associated multiple congenital anomalies and intellectual disability
Female, age 14 with ataxia and progressive myoclonic epilepsy caused by a change in the ADGRV1 gene
Female, age 11 with features of Multiple pterygium syndrome, Escobar type. Her sister, age 8, is similarly affected. This condition can cause webbing of the skin, especially around the neck, fingers, elbows, and knees. Other symptoms of this condition include restriction of the joints (arthrogryposis) and a sideways curve of the spine (scoliosis). This syndrome is typically caused by mutations in the CHRNG gene, but testing for mutations in this gene has been negative.
Male, age 8 with TRIP12 associated autism with facial dysmorphology
Female, age 5 with global developmental delay, rhythmic and repetitive movements (stereotypic movements), and difficulty feeding
Male, age 4 with Helsmoortel-van der Aa syndrome
Male, age 11 with damage to the nerve that connects the eye to the brain (optic atrophy), drooping eyelids (congenital, bilateral, progressive ptosis), uncontrolled muscle movements (ataxia), and progressive fatigue
Female, age 8 with sudden behavioral change, developmental regression, repetitive speech (echolalia), and brain abnormalities
Male, age 62 with tall stature, a protruding area at the back of the head (occipital protuberance), atrial fibrillation, fragile and sagging skin, bowel diverticulitis, and chronic diarrhea
Female, age 49 with a history of a splenic artery aneurysm and gallbladder inflammation (cholecystitis), joint and muscle pain and weakness, and memory impairment
Female, age 6 with developmental delay, joint contractures, seizures, and multiple birth defects
Male, age 4 with developmental delay, difficulty coordinating voluntary muscle movements (ataxia), autistic behaviors, and different facial features
Male, age 20 with regression, paralysis (spastic tetraplegia), and brain damage (cerebellar atrophy)
Male, age 34 with multiple benign fatty tumors under the skin (adiposis dolorosa, angiolipomatosis)
Male, age 17 with short stature, intellectual disability, heart disease, seizures, low testosterone, episodes of sporadic high and low blood pressure, hypogonadism, slow cognitive function, thrombocytopenia, kidney disease, osteoporosis, and spondyloarthritis
Male, age 11 with intellectual disability, absent speech, and very happy disposition
Male, age 40 with mucopolysaccharidosis type IIIC (Sanfilippo C) caused by genetic changes in the HGSNAT gene
Male, age 12 with overgrowth and developmental delay caused by a change in the GNAS gene
Female, age 3 with pontocerebellar hypoplasia, type 2D
Male, age 4 with low muscle tone (hypotonia), seizures (epilepsy), and developmental delay
Male, age 4 with absent speech, low muscle tone (hypotonia), developmental delay, small head size (microcephaly), and short stature
Male, age 4 with a history of infantile spasms and an undiagnosed metabolic disorder (elevated alanine and lactate)
Female, age 26 with muscle weakness and pain (myalgia), chronic fatigue, exercise intolerance, and severe episodes of weakness, dizziness, and paralysis
Female, age 17 with muscular dystrophy, limb-girdle, type 2Y
Male, age 5 with developmental delay and abnormal MRI findings (T2 hyperintensity of caudate nuclei and putamen bilaterally)
Male, age 6 with developmental regression, hypotonia, difficulty controlling voluntary movements (limb and truncal ataxia), and lack of coordination
Male, age 70 with Schnitzler syndrome
Male, age 4 with seizures (infantile spasms), abnormal MRI findings (delayed myelination, thinning of the corpus callosum), and developmental delay
Female, age 8 with very low blood sugar (hypoglycemia), developmental delay, and a history of birth defects (tetralogy of Fallot, Chiari I malformation, tethered cord)
Male, age 5 with absolute iron deficiency anemia
Female, age 14 with overgrowth, increased androgen secretion at an early age (premature adrenarche), and menstrual periods with heavy and prolonged bleeding (menorrhagia)
Female, age 15 with weakness and stiffness in her limbs (spastic paraparesis), uncontrollable muscle contractions (dystonia), and slurred speech (dysarthria)
Female, age 2 with developmental delay, seizures, vision loss (cortical visual impairment) and a small head size (microcephaly)
Female, age 24 with poor muscle coordination (ataxia), blurred vision (cataracts), intellectual disability, hearing loss (sensorineural), and small, discolored, and easily damaged teeth (amelogenesis imperfecta)
Female, age 22 with short stature; joint contractures; tight, thickened skin; growth hormone deficiency; and restrictive lung disease.
Male, age 28 with a neurodegenerative condition
Female, age 44 with history of migraine headaches, sleep apnea, anxiety, myoclonic jerks, temperature intolerance, arthritis of the hands, osteoarthritis of the spine
2 year-old male with visual impairment, repetitive and uncontrolled eye movements (nystagmus), low muscle tone (hypotonia), unsteady walk (gait), and developmental delay
Female, age 22 with a progressive neuromuscular condition
Female, age 26 with itchy skin inflammation (atopic dermatitis), hyper-active immune system, asthma, very high immunoglobulin E (IgE) levels, and swollen lymph nodes (lymphadenopathy)
Male, age 8 with Floating Harbor syndrome
Female, age 14 with autism spectrum disorder, intellectual disability, self-injurious behaviors, seizures, muscle weakness, a large head size (macrocephaly), and a brain tumor (astrocytoma)
Female, age 20 with early onset hearing loss, frequent fevers and flares of pain with blurred vision and vomiting, systemic itching, delayed gastric emptying (gastroparesis), recurrent infections, and reduced sweating
Female, age 49 with muscle weakness, balance problems, clumsiness, muscle twitching (fasciculations) and cramps, abnormal heart rhythm (second-degree AV block), episodes of high potassium (hyperkalemia), restrictive lung disease, double vision (diplopia), and seizures
Female, age 2 with congenital disorder of glycosylation, type IIm
Male, age 55 with wheezing, chronic sinus infections (sinusitis), nasal polyps, chronic fatigue, a bulging, weakened wall of the aortic root (ascending aortic root aneurysm), and neuropathy
Male, age 7 with a complex neuromuscular condition
Female, age 14 with primary ciliary dyskinesia
Male, age 13 with global developmental delay, autism, severe nearsightedness (myopia), different facial features, and a history of heart defects (atrial septal defect, ventricular septal defect) and cleft palate
Male, age 35 with triple A syndrome (achalasia (esophagus damage), Addison disease (adrenal gland disorder), and alacrima (inability to produce tears) of unknown cause
Male, age 3 with low muscle tone (hypotonia), developmental delay, and increased weight
Male, age 8 who is larger than average (macrosomia) and has atypical facial features (including a large birthmark on his forehead (glabellar hemangioma)), a decrease in brain white matter (cerebral white matter atrophy), and learning difficulties
Male, age 20 months with seizures, cataracts, a small head size (microcephaly), and global developmental delay
Female, age 8 with a neurological condition
Female, age 2 with an undiagnosed condition
Male, age 10 with features of DiGeorge syndrome. DiGeorge syndrome is a condition that can cause multiple medical problems, including heart defects, poor immune system function, a cleft palate, and delayed development.
1-year-old with agenesis of the corpus callosum, arachnoid cyst, and chronic diarrhea caused by a variant in the ARX gene (severity impacted by her diagnosis of mosaic Turner syndrome).
3yr old w/ arthrogryposis, hypotonia & variants in MYH8. Clinicians don't think trismus-pseudocamptodactyly syndrome is explanation for symptoms. Reach out if you know others w/ similar symptoms & variants in MYH8!
Male, age 14 with gross motor and language delay, borderline intellectual disability, optic atrophy, and variant in the PUM2 gene. 
4-year-old with seizures, global developmental delay, and a variant in the GRIN2A gene. 
an extremely rare condition caused by a de novo variant in ACOX1.
26-year-old with a history of global developmental delay, moderate intellectual disability, and autism caused by a variant in the SPTBN1 gene.
Male, age 17 with intellectual disability, history of leukemia, heart abnormalities, multiple osteochondromas, and variants in the SOX5 and TENM2 genes.
10-year-old with seizures, retinal coloboma, microphthalmia, strabismus, and severe global developmental delay.
43-year-old with psoriasiform dermatitis, thrombophlebitis, and arthralgia.
a 3-year-old with global developmental delay, failure to thrive, absent speech, hypotonia, and variants in the COG1, COG5, and PDE2A genes.
a 12yr old w/ intellectual disability, seizures, ventriculomegaly, malrotation of bilateral hippocampi, aortic root aneurysm, & variant in NRBP1
Looking for others with variants in the FAM177A1 gene. We have siblings with developmental delay, macrocephaly, hypotonia, and seizures with variants in this gene.
a 14-year-old with severe intellectual disability, language delay, mild dysmorphic features, and a variant in the MKL2 gene.
5-year-old with gastroparesis, ketotic hypoglycemia, kidney abnormalities, gait disturbance, and hypertension.
18-year-old with seizures, severe intellectual disability, regression, abnormal brain findings, and variants in the SEC24C gene.
a 16-year-old with intellectual disability, seizures, and history of hydrocephalus and congenital hip and knee dislocations.
a 56-year-old with lower motor neuron disease, muscle weakness, and fasciculations.
4-year-old with seizures, global developmental delay, and underdeveloped optic nerve (optic nerve hypoplasia). 
Female w/ rapid, bilateral vocal cord spasms, muscle weakness, & variants in SLC16A8 & SLC33A1 genes.
7 years old and has intractable seizures, global developmental delay, absent speech, and hypotonia.
Female, age 6 with global developmental delay, severe motor impairment, dystonia, and variants in the PAPSS1 gene.
a 6-year-old with chronic high blood pressure, recurrent respiratory infections, and low muscle tone.
a 26-year-old with an undiagnosed progeria-like syndrome.
13 year old with recurrent skin rashes, immune system abnormalities (autoimmune hemolytic anemia, antiphospholipid antibody positivity), and muscle pain (myalgia).
a 7 yr old boy with developmental delay, lack of coordinated movement (dysmetria), toe walking, right sided weakness, and weak cartilage in the walls of the larynx (laryngomalacia)
an 11 year old girl with Wieacker-Wolff syndrome
22 year old woman with an undiagnosed progressive neuromuscular condition
an 11 year old boy with childhood onset dystonia (MIM #617284) caused by a de novo c.4931G>T variant in the KMT2B gene
a 2 year old female with an undiagnosed autoimmune condition
an undiagnosed little boy, age 21 months, w/ hemiparesis, seizures & mastocytosis
undiagnosed 12 year old female with ataxia and progressive myoclonic epilepsy
two sisters (ages 8 & 11) w/ features of Multiple pterygium syndrome, Escobar type; CHRNG sequencing & del/dup testing was negative
28 year old male with a progressive neurodegenerative condition of unknown etiology
16yo female w/ unexplained progressive muscle weakness & MYH7, TOR1AIP1 variants
4 year old boy diagnosed w/ Helsmoortel-van der Aa syndrome caused by a novel de novo variant (c.539_542delTTAG) in the ADNP gene
11 year old boy w/ optic atrophy, congenital bilateral ptosis, ataxia & progressive fatigue
undiagnosed 49 year old woman with h/o splenic artery aneurysm & cholecystitis, joint/muscle pain & weakness, memory impairment
6 year old girl w/ developmental delay, joint contractures, seizures & multiple birth defects
male siblings w/ ataxia, hypotonia, abn MRI & VUS in MT-TL2 & ZDHHC9
undiagnosed 2 year old w/ seizures, vision loss, microcephaly
a 26 year old woman with atopic dermatitis & very high IgE levels
4 year old boy with hypotonia, epilepsy, and developmental delay
22yo woman w/ a progressive neuromuscular condition of unknown etiology
16yo female w/ unexplained progressive muscle weakness & variants MYH7, TOR1AIP1
24yo female w/ ataxia, cataracts, hearing loss & amelogenesis imperfecta 
28 year old male with an #undiagnosed neurodegenerative condition
8yo girl w/ hypoglycemia, developmental delay & a history of birth defects
13yo boy w/ #myopia #strabismus #ADHD #heartdefect #cleftpalate
14 year old w/ ASD, self-injurious behavior, regression
DiGeorge syndrome & a variant in the TBX2 gene
20 year old woman w/ early onset hearing loss, recurrent infections & other health issues
22 year old woman with an undiagnosed, progressive, neuromuscular condition
Triple A syndrome & no variants in AAAS
#macrosomia #hemangioma & a variant in the #ASXL2 gene
variants in the #NACC1 #gene #seizures #cataracts #microcephaly #undiagnosed #RareDisease
Triple A syndrome but no change in the AAAS gene #achalasia #Addisondisease #alacrima
dev delay, nearsightedness & other issues since birth #myopia #strabismus #autism #RareDisease
#hypotonia, dev delay & increased weight (seq analysis ongoing)
#DiGeorge/#VCFS but no #22q deletion. #TBX2
dev delay, nearsightedness & other issues since birth #myopia #strabismus #autism #RareDisease
absent #thyroid, #polymyositis & variant in the #ZBTB24 #gene
variants in the #NACC1 #gene #seizures #cataracts #microcephaly
children with #CACNA1A variants
a patient with a missing #thyroid & #polymyositis?
When I say I stay up super late aha! Its not because I want to, it is rather due to the fact that I run through all the ways I could possibly be actively dying and have no idea and then I work myself into a panic that I have an undiagnosed disease ravaging my body
I haven't heard of it before, but it seems like he had an undiagnosed disease, that's tragic.
me, 11 oclock pm on a monday night: * looking up my symptoms, convinced im going to die because of an undiagnosed disease*
I know I go on the same rant at least once a month but it really gets under my skin. Justin struggled for a year and a half because of an undiagnosed disease, gets a diagnosis, is brave enough to share it with millions of people then gets made fun of and bullied for having ticks
He suffers from another undiagnosed disease; SFBS. The medical term is Shit For Brains Syndrome. Affects many in the Liberal Media.
Tim Schedl talks about the #Celegans model for RAB5B identified from Undiagnosed Diseases Network UDB256694. The lesion present in the patient acts as an antimorph/dominant negative. #TAGC2020
RT Are you a caregiver of an undiagnosed disease patient? We want to hear from you 
I was always anxious about having an undiagnosed disease because I feel that I have it.
Truck driver Mohinder Singh Bajwa has fronted court charged with the deaths of four police officers. His lawyer told the court he may have been suffering from an undiagnosed psychiatric illness his entire life and was in need of medical attention.
not to self diagnose but i feel like im a slight hypochondriac.. im constantly feeling like im dying of an undiagnosed disease
Sure...according to his wife. I am retracting my claim of cancer survival since I cannot cute evidence to support it. However, the guys pics *clearly* show signs of underlying conditions. Likely undiagnosed.
this quarantine rlly be making my undiagnosed depression become more and more apparent
Someone with too many children, no support network, and probably some undiagnosed mental health issues. idk, I just don't know how to tell her to love her child?
Just the news about the truck driver in the eastern. Undiagnosed mental health issue for his whole life....just got me thinking.
Now that we have examined the strange death of Joan Rivers, here is the autopsy report on an even STRANGER death, Lori Klausutis, a 28 year old woman whom they say had an undiagnosed heart condition (she ran 8K marathons though). Exhumation anyone?
I had these symptoms for a long time, and it turned out part of the problem was undiagnosed whiplash, so physio untangled that and no more of those symptoms and don't need traction anymore. Still have lots of other problems from Lyme though.
V at 20. Coping horribly with undiagnosed mental health issues/ personality disorder with drinks every  of drugs. 200lbs, eating like garbage, not facing any of my past, depressed with daily panic  surviving day to day. Idk how I'm still here but I made it
Artuad spent much of his later life, in and out of Asylums with undiagnosed  schizophrenia.
But many seriously ill do not qualify as the list is so restrictive - Mum 80+, undiagnosed digestive issues, IBS, angina, pacemaker and still healing from broken wrist and arm (opposite arms) but not qualify. Family all live far away ....... 
Me at 20. Long hair, undiagnosed crohns disease (hence the underweight) and drinking prime mixers...
One time I didn't leave the house for like a week because undiagnosed depression and anxiety
I have severe anxiety and depression + undiagnosed constant joint pains
My 8 year old daughter takes sertraline for severe OCD and anxiety. She has #pandas, a cruel autoimmune condition which 95% of GPs are unaware of. Undiagnosed children become adults, some of whom will end their own lives. Please rt.
#MeAt20 got me looking through old photos.. complete with (probably) cider, Hello Kitty watch, rainbow button necklace, baggy dress and blazer done up to hide my body shape, and tights and boots because that was "my thing"... And suffering from undiagnosed severe PTSD. My child.
This is exactly why I spoke about me suffering from Crohn's Disease very publicly. Ever since then, more than 40 people approached me and told me they were suffering from similar symptoms but have gone undiagnosed for years because doctors couldn't figure out why or-
In the 5 years I have been investigating my undiagnosed digestive issues I have gone from a purely western "traditional medicine" approach to where I am now, 1000 tests later, taking four different supplements daily that I buy off the internet. If it works, it works!!
Maybe he's born with it, maybe it's Undiagnosed ADD
Many marriages have been destroyed, not by the usual marital problems, but by undiagnosed mental illnesses.
Ataxia Telangiectasia is the condition of my son Ryler also. It has been a challenge to do a day activities. He lost his ability to walk about a year ago. He is 12. Any info your family has I would love to hear about this no cure and rare disease
A young girl living with systemic #mastocytosis fulfilled her dream of meeting her role model. Watch the inspiring story here, courtesy of
Systemic mastocytosis associated with Hodgkins lymphoma in a 4-year-oldchild
Hope so.. A friend's kid has mastocytosis AND tuberous sclerosis, somehow. Known folks with all sorts of things that come with compromised or reduced immune systems, or have other issues. Tbh, it wouldn't even matter if I knew someone personally, I'd still be worried about that..
I have MS  my grandsons live with me the 5 yr old has Mastocytosis
Yeah, wow. I love it because I get to drink water again without throwing up. I might do different since I have systemic mastocytosis and not MCAD. Even though I'm used to it, the different reactions people have to the same meds for similar conditions still blow me away.
I have a rare autoimmune Mastocytosis
It is an autoimmune disorder of the nervous system characterized by new movements of the limbs and eyes, abnormal behaviors, sleep dysregulation, and difficulty talking.
Abnormal early cognitive/neuromuscular development.
Is my eyesight weak or my neuromuscular coordination abnormal?
AX, 7 months old, male presented with severe, generalized hypotonia with abnormal head shape  and unusual facies,  hepatomegaly, renal  cortical cysts, stippled calcifications of the patellas and greater trochanter, and ocular abnormalities.
Muscle biopsy from a 60 year old patient with progressive muscle weakness  Gomori Trichrome), can you name the abnormalities and the differential diagnosis ? #neuromuscular #musclebiopsy
A 55-year-old woman consulted for lower extremity proximal muscle weakness, dysphonia and cervical weakness. HEE and Oil Red O. #neuropath #pathology
People at my school be such kiss-asses. Our professor had dysphonia so she has someone else teaching her slides while she clarifies.
Due to a neurological condition called spasmodic dysphonia and treatments for it, I might sound a little different every time you hear me speak.
Kennedy Jr suffers from spasmodic dysphonia, which makes him difficult to listen to.  He is not anti-vaccine he is pro-safe-vaccines.  Listen from 18.16 - 28.32.  Diabetes, autism, allergies are caused by UNTESTED vaccines. Children today are supposed to take 72.
Alhumdulilah Alhumdulilah Alhumdulilah! He tolerated thick liquids today, got NG tube out, dysphonia slightly improved and was able to get up to a chair! All thanks to everyones prayers! Please pray he continues to build on these small steps daily iA #_
 Did you know? based the voice of Red's character on a neurological disorder called spasmodic dysphonia. She was inspired to do so after reading a line in the script, which stated that "She (Red) had not used her voice in many years.".
He has a disorder called Spasmodic dysphonia that causes the shaky voice.
I have panhypopituitarism and my endo has said that my chronic fatigue is all in my mind..is this the case?
I also have panhypopituitarism and suffer from chronic fatigue my endocrinologist is very supportive it has to do with your hormone levels.
I know I  don't!  The steroids I take for panhypopituitarism make me crave more sugar especially after eating something higher in carbs.
condition called Panhypopituitarism, which means that my pituitary gland doesnt produce enough of/any of the hormones it is supposed to normally. For example, it is why I had to be treated with synthetic HGH as a child because I wasnt growing. In 10 I went to
IV pain medicine, and some stress dosing steroids b/c I was having an adrenal crisis due to my Panhypopituitarism (FYI, this was about 12:30 AM). She was finally successful  they set me up with IV fluids, strong pain medication, etc. The GI on duty that AM
I got hypopigmentation on my nose any suggestions from my skin sisters/brothers!!!!???????
What can I do to treat hypopigmentation?
I didnt have enough characters but basically another laser can be used to reverse laser induced hypopigmentation. Have you dermatologist check out the hypopigmentation always and wear your SPF 
im hoping mine goes away. i struggled with eczema for so long just to have hypopigmentation sit in its place??? and its on my face too im tired
I see people are getting hyperpigmentation and hypopigmentation mixed up in your tweet replies.  Hypopigmentation is areas of skin that are lighter than everywhere else lol.
I have hypopigmentation, basically my skin loses its pigment when heavily exposed to UV rays (due to melanin depletion). Its cosmetic and the only way I can get rid of it is by whitening my skin which I was against.
A 35 year-old woman suffered brain injury in an MVA and presents c an intention tremor, nystagmus, hypotonia, and dysdiadochokinesia. What is the most likely location of the lesion? #bookreviews
Theo is 2 years old and has Down Syndrome.  He has hypotonia and hypermobilty and is delayed in being able to weight bear.  He does not yet have the lower body strength to stand. 
Despite his special needs and disabilities, including dyspraxia and hypotonia, my nephew Samuel is raising money for the NHS. He is part way through his basketball challenge and has already raised almost 1500!
thank you guys for the love on this vid! ive never really been super confident in my dancing because i have hypotonia (low muscle tone). i have crazy flexibility but no strength, so ive never thought highly of my dancing. but all this love means the world 
So this morning when I was done taking a shower and was putting on my tights, my left knee popped and I fell  hurt a bit, ngl. Hypotonia: ily
Hi Jeffery! I am a mom of a beautiful 5 year old girl who has epilepsy, hypotonia and is immuno compromised. Right now she is battling viral pneumonia so my husband who is our only income is home with us while we care for our daughters.
Terri Jordan's son has hypotonia and speech apraxia. The doctors told her that her son would never speak or walk. He has been doing EAAT for 16 years now. Want to know more about his journey? Click the link in my bio.
We just started to ween him off of Onfi and started Banzel and staying on keppra. Ben is 2 doesnt crawl, sit, or stand. Although we are making progress in. by in. Hypotonia has been a challenge as well. Best wishes to you and your son.
I had a child who had hypotonia and the harness allowed me to pull her up before she fell. It helped her build much needed muscles,  the confidence  security to walk w/o the pain associated of skinned knees   hands. Does religion make people lazy when it comes to judgement?
I hate not being able to do the same things my other percussionist friends can do because of dyspraxia and hypotonia
I get it. My hypotonia presented as severe to the point it looked like the conditions I was misdiagnosed with. So Im not angry or annoyed at all cos my type of EDS is extremely rare. And everyone went out of their way to diagnose me correctly. But yeah thats my story 
Porphyria Awareness Week is April 18-25th. Know the signs and symptoms. This rare genetic disorder is incurable and quite deadly if undiagnosed. I know, I have this rare disease.
I have Ataxia which comes under rare diseases and I have been totally ignored and left to fend for myself 
#JeffreeStarApproved Hey Jeffree!!! I could really use your help I'm caring for my 2 grandbabies and my daughter due to my her falling ill 2yrs ago at age 22 it has taken them till this Feb to diagnose her w/Spinocerebellar Ataxia a very rare disease Please  Thank U
I am taking care of my daughter who was diagnosed with Spinocerebellar Ataxia a very rare disease    that came on suddenly in 2018 it has taken 2yrs to diagnose so I now care for her and my 2 beautiful grandbabies her bday is 4/23 she'll barely be 24 $Winnie26K
Fighting Stigma : Former jockey runs 400 laps around yard for Irish child with rare disease: Dan Donoher, a 1-year-old boy from Ireland, is battling Scoliosis and a rare neuromuscular disease called Spinal Muscular Atrophy Type 1.
You've likely never heard of Budd Chiari Syndrome because it's a rare condition that affects only one in a million adults. Kimberly Munoz is one of them. Here's her story on how she was diagnosed...
He could have chosen the words wisely if it was simple feedback but I will surely get my eyes checked bcoz no matter how far or near I keep the phone, can't see u weep or cry. May be new eye disease than Myopia and Hypermetropia .
yes I have, and oddly it was in dating a women who I believed to have had undiagnosed BPD that led me to double binds which led me to dialectical behaviour therapy which led me back to, you guessed it, Hegel. but actually, fear of abandonment is at the root of nearly everything
4 seperate mental health professionals: yeah your daughter almost certainly has a serious undiagnosed anxiety disorder 
That said, I'm sure I was undiagnosed Bipolar all during my early to mid adult years. I am by comparison quite ready steady now.  Cheers
If this premise was true, would be so far left that hed be considered a communist. But, hes just a narcissist with an undiagnosed mental health issue.
my right arm has been numb since I am pretty sure I had it (undiagnosed.) I was thinking it was carpal tunnel from my twitter use while stuck at home lol. But I have increasingly become a little more worried.
Nothing beats getting older and realizing all the things I used to get irrationally mad at and beat myself up over not making sense was all because I was undiagnosed.
The reason I went undiagnosed is bc I had the symptoms as a teen, it was passed as bad periods. They put me on a high estrogen bc pill - which I was on all the way until pregnancy with my daughter. Pregnancy suppresses the symptoms for 2-3 years. It is now making itself known.
Can't sleep thinking about my uncle if he's alright. Been chatting w/ my cousin, didn't realise things were so bad. His diabetes has gone undiagnosed  got complicated
one episode into never have i ever and devi reminds me of myself.... does she have undiagnosed bpd
But y'know, multiple undiagnosed mental illnesses + I was the first generation of my family not to be born on a fucking dirt floor. But that's what I'd have done in a perfect world. /End sadgirl hours
Im so sorry; I have an undiagnosed autoimmune condition and its horrible. I hope the steroids help; they help me but Im still bedridden. Sending lots of love your way!
My ARFID got worse as I wasn't given treatment. I was undiagnosed and not believed. My doctors looked at me patronizingly when I told them I didn't have anorexia. My eating disorder does not come from a desire to be thin. It comes from the insecurity around what i eat-
Forum:  Shoulder ache, costochondritis: TheFuzz, Since activity/exercise seems to make it worse or prolongs it....you might have undiagnosed Rhabdo... Here is a few links about it....it is not generally from "lite" activity...but
I got 2013. That was one of the worst years of my life. 7 years of undiagnosed and untreated depression caused a total meltdown and 2 stints in the hospital in a 3 month period. Just a god awful year.
12: phobia: germs reckon I am an undiagnosed ocd
Because I had undiagnosed allergies to everything and couldn't breath through my nose for 8 years and no one cared.
He has undiagnosed mental issues. I feel nad for erins family who live there. They also voted for him and think hes doing a good job. The stupidity is intense. They have nfi.
They started drugging my poor grandma in the 50s. She had undiagnosed akathisia the entire time I knew her, and ended up developing dementia.
Does anyone else go though random episodes where they feel the need to clean and decorate everything immediately and cant stop until its done or do I just have an undiagnosed mental disorder
Sounds like he may have an undiagnosed brain tumor.
Imagine how fun that was as a kid with chronic migraines, a wheat allergy and undiagnosed Crohn's disease. First doc visit as an adult. The answer to everything was "pray about it." So yeah. Good times.
i probably have like 4 undiagnosed mental illnesses... i already know 2 of them are depression and body dysmorphia
((OOC: That nickname mainly applies to his alternate personality from his undiagnosed mental illness.))
I have been dealing with an undiagnosed movement disorder and had an appointment with a dismissive neurologist who thinks my problems may be "all in my head" yesterday. She referred me to a hypnotist. The hypnotist in question? A fucking rapist!
